1) Back from 2003 and guaranteed to make waves, check out these men's Shox TL trainers from Nike. With the same design lines as the OG, these sneakers have a breathable mesh upper with glossy TPU overlays to the sidewalls. In a fresh white colourway, they feature a tonal lace up fastening and a full-length Shox sole unit underfoot, which takes the same cushioning from the first Shox in 2000, but takes it up a level with multiple columns for premium cushioning and an unmissable look. With a grippy rubber tread, these trainers are finished with a silver-tone Swoosh embroidered to the sidewalls and Nike Shox branding to the tongue.

Nike Shox TL
RM 649.00

2) Nike's '96 icon gets refreshed with these men's Air More Uptempo 96 sneakers. Evolving from the b-ball courts to the streets, this silhouette is one of Nike's loudest to date. Keeping the same design lines as the OG, these trainers are built with a tumbled leather upper in a stealthy black colourway. They feature a contrasting lace up fastening and Nike's legendary, visible Air cushioning underfoot for supreme impact protection and maximum, all-day comfort. With a grippy rubber tread, these sneakers are finished with oversized 'AIR' branding to the sidewalls in a camo design with white trim for a bold look.

Nike Air More Uptempo 96
RM 649.00

3) Experimenting with their iconic tech, Nike just dropped these men's Air Max 270 React trainers. Taking inspiration from the React Element 87, they're built with a textile upper that reps bold, floating overlays created using a streamlined, bar tach technique. These sneakers come in a Phantom colourway with contrasting colour block panels for an unmissable look. With a secure lace up fastening, this futuristic mash-up is equipped with a full-length React foam midsole, as well as the visible Air cushioning taken from the Air Max 270. Smashing expectations of comfort, they're finished with a grippy rubber tread, branding embroidered to the tongue and the iconic Swoosh in University Gold to the sidewalls.

NIKE Air Max 270 React
RM 609.00